## Daily standup

Mike: Luke and Jim can talk about what to cover during the PR call later today.

Jim: I have 2 interviews this afternoon.

Jim: Over the weekend. I got the digital signature to work. It signs, but not in the right place. Lallu Luke is going ot help on this.
Also did troubleshooting on SSL connect.

Luke:
1. Did the Python Loop for BPX server
2. Prepared ffor PR call.


Bh: working on BPX server.

Mike: Zach, keith: PR devs. Paul and Song, maybe. Huong, yes.

Mike: first 10 minutes, talk about expecations of these meetings.

# Call w Jim.

Spec- doesnt do mock response. It DOES marshal the inbound, and build XML response from JSON response.
They will need a mock web service.
Use the debugger,

Rack- builds the response.

Response (in client): What does PR want from the response? Do theyw ant everything.

Jim: We arent sure waht is being responded.

# Call w Lallu

I started recording after a few minutes.
Jim: Ruby has a way of doing XML signatures. I rana  sample XML. There should be a signature tag in app header. However, it just gets whichunked at the bottom (after the document). How to get it in app header?

Lallu: It is encapsulated in the object, and it maps it to the app header. The problem is that the message is getting attached at the root. It needs to go a level deeper - to the app header.

From their repo:
finxact-mapping/blob/master/

Jim: We pass full payload in. We do signature on the WHOLE THING, then insert on app header.

Lallu: Right!

Lallu: I created a line in app header, and put the signature into the signature line in the header.
I read docuement (looking at `getEnveloped.java` file) line 41, doc is full document.
DSC is where we want to attach the signature.

Lallu: This code sucks.

Jim: Showing what he is working, on `emt2004`.

Jim: You sign everything, then insert Signature at the end, in the app header.
When reading, remove the signature, and verify xml without the signature?

Lallu: Take signature, and run `getPublicKey()`
Take it, and unmarshal it, then validate it.

Lallu: Take out the signature from the node list, traversing the DOM (xpath). Then, in cert detsails, validate it. If i used the cert (by decrypting using public key).

Lallu: The message is not encrypted, so I can walk in the payload.

Lallu: This is the way it is normally done, but ISO is different. What we are doing here is different because the message is not encrypted.

Horng is the Dev manager.

Lallu" "Can I see samples where we build xmls? I do not want to break any patterns".

Jim: We are doing soap services, client calls, etc. BPX uses SOAP calls (this is unusual)

Lallu: We spent a lot of time on this. The client took 2 years to sign.

## Call with PR:

htern@payrailz.com <htern@payrailz.com>
Kurt Luedke <kluedke@payrailz.com>
luke.logan@levvel.io <luke.logan@levvel.io>
mason.packard@levvel.io <mason.packard@levvel.io>
Michael Drabic <michael.drabic@levvel.io>
Zach Hamman <zhamman@payrailz.com>
Paul Franko <pfranko@payrailz.com>
Song Nunnallee <snunnallee@payrailz.com>

Kurt, lucky:

Horng: This will be a daily meeting.

Mike: High level overview. MC took at look at Payload we sent, and adjusted an ID we needed to change. Turns out, there is more to change.

Paul: Are you getting a body in the payload. Nothing should affect getting a message in the body. Has MC comitted to a time yet? It seems weird to get nothing in the body back. Payer or the institution?

Mike: CF ID.

Paul: Institution ID. So we are using the wrong numnder for ourselves?
Horng: Shows his email, the number is different. Have we tried new ID?

Mike: We ahd the same response.

Horng: Song, do you want to push MC, and connect w them?
Paul: Yes, we need a joint debugging session. They could also make a request as PR, and show what it looksl ike. Then, validate and check for differences.

Horng: Anything else on API that needs to be discussed?

Paul:Payload signing?

Horng: So far, this is a framework and structures.Mason is going to reach out to ensure connectivity is happening. When it is ready, we will need to run those tests.

Mike: As soon as we can run the curl command.

Horng: Talk tomorrow in more detail

Song: 3pm call w MC

# VPN
AWS
Access ID
AKIA26X5IH6UNFMWRZPT

Secret ID:
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


"Parameters": [
        {
            "Name": "bpx_signing_key",
            "Type": "SecureString",
            "Value": "-----BEGIN ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----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\n2GXRoq/tetmh/zVFm9H7cAdAOTuQyi1l/4x:

# MC call
Started video at 3:15

It works from Postman, but not curl.
The IP address of POSTMAN and curl

The curl command can be copied from postman.
Specify the certs- is why it is failing.

Mason updated (at 3:20 in video): then "Empty reply from server" was the response

Mason: We plan on using SAVON.

Postman can send and receive, why cant curl?

Mason: Does POSTMAN setup an environment?

MC guy: Maybe a header is making a difference? Can you change content type?

MC: Are you whitelisted? Data transfer isnt happening. This VM and postman are the same, so why isnt it working? Connectivity is there if postman works.

Mason: Our code is coming back empty, just like this curl command.

MC: we cannot differentiate how you are running code. It is not reaching our application. If it is reaching, we should get a signal.

Horng: We need to do another meeting. We need our network ppl to schedule, along with the MC network peeps.

MC: our team is in the UK so theya re unavailable.

Horng: Just to check, is the postman working? can you us the postman?

MC: Our testing team uses postman. Our people run windows, so they dont have curl. We need someone else to run it to get some sort of response. I doubt there is an issue w MC. It is getting blocked somewhere. It must be in the logs.

MC: MC must have sent the certificates. Postman takes client cert and client key

PR guy: Is there a file? From the KMS team? And those are included on Postman?
Other guy: I assume so.

Mason:
curl -vvvvk -i --http2 --verbose https://loganwebdev.com:443
curl --http3 https://google.com:443

# Todo:

- [ ] Call DR. Bond.
- [x] Call with Jim.
- [ ] Integrate BPX server, the data I scraped for each service.
- [x] Set up VPN. Use it for curl.
- [ ] Checkout `# frozen_string_literal: tru`
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]


