# Daily

Mike: Little setup from Huong about what to talk about. Paul asked questions. We need to get intros to everyone on the call. If Paul is on, we need to see if we can just set up a time with the devs.

Mason: I asked Huong if we could just do a call wo Paul, but no avail.

Mason: I set up a meeting with Jim and Luke to debrief from yesterday's curl call w MC.

Jim: Latest server branch has SSL branch.

Mike: I mentioned payload signing, and told them we would get started today.

Jim: I need to put the signature in the header. Verification should be simple.

Luke: work on bpx_server, and possibly Nokogiri for security.

Jim: Ruby is king of Server rendered websites.

## Call w mason
### Debreif about MC call from yesterday.

Mason shares what he did w postman.
Postman can automatically create the code.


## Daily call w PR

From Payrailz:
Huong: CTO from PR
Kurt Luedke - Dev - Ruby services team
Zach Hamman - Dev - also on Ruby Services team.
Song - Project Management. Help to coordinate resources, time.
Ruth Kaiser - Project Management.


From Levvel:
Fred Fuller - Director
Mason - driving requirements, architecture. Mappings, integrations

Huong: To talk about architecture.
By 20th, put CAPO aside. Now, look at API/Request. There are 10 req/res for BPX. 7 outgoing, and 3 are callback/incoming.

Until yesterday, we had a breakthrough: Make customer-maintenance request w Postman.

We'd like to do 2 more calls. A RTL that requires signing. Now we have a working RTL (callback). If we can have those working, then it is a success.

If we could see outgoing, incoming.

Jim: Id like to show the big picture. Feel free to ask questions.

Huong: When can we have the code checked in? So Zach and Kurt have an understanding?

Luke will show that this all works round trip (to call, and get a response)

Huong: We need them to replicate the process locallyl.

They will be using NGINX on their server.

Jim: We will be putting together a SWAGGER file of what this looks like. One of the core focuses is to get rid of the complexities of SOAP

Huong: We will ask Luke, where are you? What are you working on now?

Jim: We will work and get all this together, and copy and move it into the ruby docs as necesary.

Mason: We got the code to come through. THe connection is verified.

Huong: Refactor, what needs to get done.

Luke: we ran an empty call, now we can hook up our gem to add some content.

Huong: Luke, you are doing request to link>


## Notes

`CnvnncFee` is expected on `rfpRequest` at `http://localhost:8808/docs/BpxServer/RfpRequest/CardTransactionAmount3_`

in  `/Users/lukelogan/Desktop/bpx-server/vendor/bpx-callbacks-v6/xsd/version-6/iso/rain/rain.002.001.02.xsd.xml`, the file contains `cnvnnc`.

This was created using rain.002.001.02 and changing the xsd file.

In my rspec, I am calling `rtl_confirm_approve_rain_002_01_request`, which does NOT have `cnvnnc`

That function in my test_payloads contains:
```
   <soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/" xmlns:rain="http://ap.com/xsd/message/iso20022/rain.001.02" xmlns:urn="urn:iso:std:iso:20022:tech:xsd:head.001.001.01" xmlns:urn1="urn:iso:std:iso:20022:tech:xsd:rain.001.001.02" xmlns:urn2="urn:iso:std:iso:20022:tech:xsd:rain.013.001.01">
   ```