## Daily call


We need to get honed in on what PR needs to give us.

The payload we gave them was wrong.

Jim: I finished hacking at the signature.

Jim: Working to get consumer maint to work.

Mike: Access to the code for PR.

Jim: Theyw ant to register a customer, send a req to link, geta  conf

Mike: We can get req to link, and get a resp

Jim: We need to document the APIS. I am tweaking the app header.

Mason: There is business header, and an app header. BAH App hdr, that is where JIM is working. Then, there is stuff in the app hdr for each service.


## Daily Call with PR

Mike: start w consumer maint. We did some refactoring to reduce some of the payload.
We got it working within Postman, now need to get it going in the gem.

Jim: We tested, there were some items in YML where the code turns a "001" to 1

Jim: We looked at some of the payloads and those need to be redone to trim.

Like, sender ID and receiver ID will always be the same, so no need to enter those.

Huong, can you verify if PR needs a trace id? We are under assumption that you will need it.

Jim: Mason found the APP header has some vague description in the MC tech specs.

How to configure it: with `mtf.yml`

Jim ran the file, and showed the errors.
We are getting a payload back.

Horng: At least you have a working request, the bare minumum we sent. And cust ID is new each time. If we can troubleshoot, we would do it the same way.

Jim: Use our payload in Postman to see if it works.

Mason: THere is something between our code and MC that messes it up

Hrong: Compare with the snippet ZACH sent over. Either use with the code or postman, what Zach created.

## From Jim:

We arent getting soap envelopes. They are treating them as XML payloads, not soap.
If that is the case, they dont need soap4r.

Jim could hit through HTTP client, because we arent using soal

Get nokogiri,

## Todos

- [ ] Document the APIs for req to link. Jim hasnt checked in his work from dev. Use Req to link branch. Make sure payloads make sense.
- [ ] Request to link. Look at it from a logical perspective. What do we need, and what do they need to know?