## Daily standup


Mike: Give Bh a chance to push and give us a demo of what he has.

Jim: We got Consumer maintenance working. He sent the email. MC shipped us wsdls and schemas. I dont think MC is using the WSDLs. They are sending HTML over HTTP posts. Savon expects an envelope.
We posted #1 xml, and #2 outside of an envelope, and both worked.

Coming back, BPX is expecting a BPX header.
On Client side, we may need to drop Savon.
We are embedded with Soap4r.

Jim: We had to put an envelope around the XML to get it to work.

Mike: We have Communication w PR on the 5th to confirm the connection.

Mason: WSDL and XSD are the contract we had to work with.

Jim: We did consumer maint. Now, we need to do a RTL (Request to link). This will have a callback.

Mike: We sign the payload- should we get an immediate response from the server to validate that the server was setup up correctly?
We need to get a PR certificate to prove this. To prove they are getting a certificate, and signing the certificate.

Mason: On 14th, MC sent over the ZAPP file and the ZAPP client.

Jim: We need a public key to check. Can Lallu help with this?

Mike: THe pen file is a container, and can have either just public, or public/private key. We can use that to check what ZAPP sends back.

Jim: I need to know which keys/certs to use where?

Mike: I dont know what we have, what we dont have. I just need to know what goes where.

Jim: Instead of shooting request from the soapui, send it from postman.

Jim: I am almost doen with signing part, but need info.

Mike: For 1:30, should we tell PR to check out something to do a successful request?


## PR call

Huong: Any feedback from Jims email? Song will follow up with this call.
Where are we since yesterday?

Jim: Consumer maintenance works. We got it to register multiple times. Savon client is expecting a SOAP payload response, but it is not receiving the required format.

We tried the script with just the XML payload, and it worked.
We can work around this. It is a flawed design, but will have an impact on the server component.

If it doesnt send a soap response, then SOAP 4r wont work?
We need to know from MC if they are using SOAP or something else?

Hrong: Before we work around, let's wait to see what MC says.

Jim: The SDK gave us SOAP definitions.

Hrong: We need to confirm, then see if we need to work around w SAVON.
You should be able to parse the response and get the data.
The consumer registration works, and that is good enws.

Hrong: While we are waiting, get the RTL to work w the signing.

Jim: The signature is put into the code, but we are figuring out which certs need to go into the code, in which spot.

Mike: When I go to validate public and private, the keys do not match. The keys mason looked at were for the SSL pairs, but we need the payload ones.

Mike: We are using v2.3. We got access to 3 different pairs. We need to know which pair goes with the payload.

The private key that was provided, if it was correct, we can test to see what BPX replies to us.

Hrong: Can you try postman with the RTL?

Jim: We dont have the cert to do the signing.

There are 2 parts to the certs:
1) SSL over the wire. **this one works**
2) Cert for signing the message.

Jim: The challenge w postman is that the signature has to work for the payload. Then, you have to take the signature and put it in the header.
We have one, but it is not from PR.

We can do postman- we can test that.

Jim: We are getting there. We will test these signatures.

Hrong: Other than those two items, are there any updates?

Mike: The last thing is just cleaning up the code, and providing a branch in the repo to use locally and have PR pull it down.

Kurt: Do we have access to the postman files?

Mason: Yes, they are embedded on a .pdf

Kurt: Finding body w postman and put it into a request is a challenge, but we have done it before.

Hrong: For the next few days, setup your local env. w mastercard and BPX, etc.

Jim: If we get the certs, we can setup postman to work.
The only other thing is we need to hear back from MC.

Fred: do we feel confident we can get this resolved before the 20th.
Hrong: The signing does not depend on a response from MC
Without the signing, we do not have a way to test the server side.

Hrong: The signing could have been done separately over the ast few weeks.

Jim: We were under the impression everything was SOAP, based off of the tech specs.

Hrong: If you were going to send rest?

Jim: We will pull out SAVON and SOAP4J, and will change what is incoming.
Currently, we get RUBY objects back.

Jim: We will do everything we can. We will provide recommendations from there.

Paul: On monday we have a holiday. I call that out as a day where no work will be done.
If the response from MC is delayed, it will delay us.

Jim: The email response says we will not see soap as the response.

Hrong: Please escalate if there are any blockers.

Song: Will we meet on the 20th? We can increase the length of the call on the 20th.

## Todos

- [x] update timecard from last week
- [ ] do survey for PR
- [ ] get haircut
- [ ]