## Daily styandup

Mike: Lots of open things. Lots to do. What can we tie a bow on, while still time to hand over repos? docs and to-dos tied up, and ready to transfer on 20th?

Jim: They implied you could use soap or rest. Rest is not a protocol. We promised documentation and a document for them. Can we take sample payloads, put into a template (with the input values) and what they actually are?

In deliverables, I added a document. Add the to-dos in there.

Jim: Mason, can you take items from the BPX doc, and put those values into the documentation for each service?

Mike: There are some complexities to the signing.

Jim: We can add what we think needs to be done for signing.

Mike: There is no time to put something together for testing w MC. Finish other things, and add a description of whats left.

Jim: Walk through each service, and add more documentation. I want to take out SAVON. If we can put something that puts together everything and returns a ruby hash, that will be worthwhile.

Luke: Can I get key file? The pem?

Mike: Let PR run PR response.

Mike: our request payload needs work.
Jim: Fail fast if there is no key.

## Todos
- [ ] do survey for PR
- [ ] get haircut
- [x] add documentation for services. Expand on whats there.
- [ ] look up bpx_server, do rackup.
- [x] update readme
- [x] Get ready to walk bpx-client through a consumer maint call.
- [x] get the pub_key_file from the google drive, update settings.yml witht hat path.



## Call

Consumer maint:

p 32 of doc

Look over code bas.
    changes in settings.yml
    adding mtf.yml
    adding items in readme
Yard

Demo code, in terminal.


Hrong: On tuesday, we can do transition. Talk about things that are outstanding.


## call w jim
If we do rackup on RTL confirmation w soapui,

1. Does it work
2. If we use the same request in curl or postman, does that work.

Take xml, read w nokogiri, give them a hash
Savon wont work. Soap4r on the server side. It does the marshaling.

