## Standup

Mason is heading to the CNN project.

Jim: Starts today with ESL. Refactored over the weekend. Dont need as many parts for soap. We didnt have anything for the response. Now PR can pick what they want as a response.

Jim: Last night, it is too late to recover the server from wsdls and soap. I can shimm it, and wrap w a soap envelope, and unwrap on outgoing. Today I will put togeher a "Whats left" document. **Don't look at server** It is not worth looking at.

Mike: add a section for "Signature"

Jim: For today, do a walk through, and show them the docs.Tomorrow, wrap up whats left.

Mike: I want to tell them that we will give them a tour, and walk through the docs within the codebase. Point out some highlights.

Luke: I feel good sharing dev.

Jim: We can merge dev to master, and give them master.

`mtf)scenario.rb` overrides the settings.yml file.


## Call w PR
1. Documentation from the Mastercard specs- show them the pdf file, p12 and 13. There are different services. This also lines up with naming conventions of the files.
4. Documentation from the Mastercard specs- show them the pdf file, p69 of the downloaded pdf (version 1.5) and look over consumer maint.
1. Show them the repo on github
2. Mock a clone of the repo
    1. Point out how I added an `mtf.yml` file.
    2. point out how I am on vpn.
5. Run `yard doc` then `yard server` and go to consumer maintenance
6. Show docs for consumer maintenance
    1. highlight how this info is the same as the MC tech specs.
7. Run Rspec. Look at rfp2010, and all optional attributes
8. Show the pattern. Lib/client/services. Look at `rfp2010` line 268.
9. Show the notes in `vendor/levvel/levvel-notes-about-tests.md`. If there were any discrepencies between the schema and the tech specs, they are noted here.





## Todos:
- [ ] Connect w Bhargav, see what he can help on.
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]

Add mtf.yml to readme.
Give them access to the cert files
Share repo-they have access.