## Morning call

Mike: I spoke with PR. Set end date of Jan 20. Paul expects registration request to be sent to BPX.
How can we make that happen?

Jim: Security is usually the last item. Jim has worked on the client to try and get authentication.
Mason is the man on this- Jim and Mason will get together to talk about this.

Mason: Originally,t hey were supposed to handle that. Can we set up a call to do a smoke test with mastercard?

Jim: We have VPNs. In theory, we should be able to do this.

Mason: we havent seen proof of any white listing. Their devops will need to configure and launch.We dont have the white listing or devops to make this happen. We have asked that of PR, and have not gotten any response.

Mike: Can we take PR out of picture, and just run a test to MC to prove that it works?

Mason: No, PR talks w MC, not us. PR wanted to give us VPN to PR.

Mike: We need conf from MC that PR has connected. If yes, then what?

Mason: We need signature for certain applications. There is comm over wire, and there is signing of the message.

Mike: We have SSL certs, but not certs for each message?

Jim: I dont know.
Mason: The certs we have w AWS: public cert doesnt match the one with MC.

Mason: If I was client, I would want someone who can do long term support: either devops, or a developer, etc. PR might need to see how we are testing things to gain some insight, though not finished.

Mike: To confirm, the PR devops are trying to make communication over SSL work. Would song be able to confirm this?

Mason: yes.

Jim: None of the scope matters to Paul. He just wants us to do what we need to do.

Mike: Agreed.

Mason: They are using AWS like a remote repository, we can only read.

Mike: The PR devops: How do they validate the certs?

Mason: Testing, and postman certs.

Jim: postman doesnt matter, they just want the client to work. Huong wnats a whole test, but we dont have it.

Mason: In theory, dropping soap into a curl call would be simplest.

Jim: I vote you should continue with it.

Mason: I can pass that curl call onto PR, and PR can reconfigure it to smoke test.

Mike: I need to ask song whether MC has whitelisted the IP.
Then, x509 certs werent valid. Do we have new certs?
If yes, MASON can do curl certs for smoke tests.

Jim: If mason does that, I can get the client to work. If that doesnt work, we call jim van vleet?


Jim: I have done 3 rest points. It is a new gem. I set up a rest server on SOAPUI. I am trying to finish those patterns. Luke L and Jim will talk about it, then jump to security.

Bhargav: 4005 and 4008 I am working on. I had some computer issues. It is working now.


Validating.

Some items require other items to have values, and they are not in the mapping doc OR the spec.

What to do then?

OR
SPEC and BPX require a value, but the line does not accept a value?
this is found in `trc_rly_req in rfp_2012/ rain 007.001.01`, as `ViewReq`


Call w Jim:

If required field w no value, put "unknown"

Schema or spec?

For passing in an item that cannot receive it, make a list of question?

Jim: Have you swagger?
These do CALLBACKS.
Jim gives a swagger file.

You stand up the service, we pass JSON to you, and you give us a response.

OJ- it worked nice.

Jim: we will do rest point end points, swagger.
And ruby rack. It is a different architecture.

Rack is a chaining thing, It is an interceptor chain.

Spring uses this pattern a lot. Aspect oriented programming.

This project should have failed.


