# Daily

Mike: Call with paul from PR was weird.
Paul said we arent going as fast as we should be. Paul is "checked out". Paul: not familiar w Github. For next week, I expect Paul to start seeing movement of knowledge transfer, collab with his team.

Jim: It looks like Mason always puts the agenda together. We dont really hear from PR about anything.

Mason: The call might just be a brow beating session from paul. I sent an email to MC, worked with Jim to get the RUBY app connected, and work through the errors. Rob sent a response, but it wasnt helpful. It included a sample payload, test script.

Mike: Are we all on the same timezone?

Jim: I am seeing the SSL handshake. It is savon- code that we didnt write. Just because curl works, doesnt mean the gem can connect. Mason, you can help with SSL.

Mason: If we get a connection, we might find a problem where we need to move away from SAVON and create a custom something else.

Jim: I did some refactoring. BPX client. I checked those in last night. Today is signature verification. For SAVON, I think it is sensitive to the kind of certificate being used.

Mason: I got a ZAPP client email.

Jim: I want MASON to look at the ZAPP security certifications.

Luke:
1. Python, loop through script and get all variables.
2. Got VPN credentials in an email


## Call w Jim:


Things Luke Need to do:
1. Scraping for the endpoints- make sure it only gets the RESPONSE items
2. Update YARD docs for bpx-client
3. Double check that each service has an example in the beginning.




Cone thing bottles.