# How does the internet work?
## 20:04

**Alot of requests and responses**

Usually people think of web browsers.
There are other things- FTP
A series of devices making requests and responses to each other.
**A system of publicly available websites**

*Wan* Wide area network.
*lan* local area network.

# IP Addresses and protocols
## 23:24

IP - internet protocol
IP Address - a lable assigned to an internet connected device.
TCP/IP - Transmission Control Protocol. Standardizes how pcs talk to each other. **IT IS LOSSLESS**
IPV4 - there are 3.4 billion right now
IPV6 -
UDP- it is loss-ful. They send data, but dont care if it is received.


# Domain Name System
## 30:34

DNS is run by ICANN.
TLD- Top level domain (.com, .biz, .io)

Why use subdomain instead of a path?
To use a different server.

Nameservers: Map domains to IP addresses.

`traceroute google.com` tells the hops to the website.

This runs ICMP- Internet control message protocol.

# Packets
## 0:42

It is a piece of information. It contains mostly metadata.

# VIM
## 47

It is on almost every server.
**MODES**
`i` insert, for editing
`ESC` command, primary
`:` last-line mode, for searching, saving, exiting.
`ESC :q!` to quit VIM
`!` means **YES**
There are VIM cheatsheets.

it takes YEARS to be good at VIM.
It is basically a REALLY poweful text editor.
`man vi`

`wq` will save
so, if I made a new file, `temp`:
do `vi temp`
then type
then `:wq` to save and quit.

`less temp` will show my files.


# Servers
## 0:54

it responds to requests.
It serves contents.
it serves files. It gives something back.

Anything can be a server.
There is always a request and a reponse.


