# Implementing Auth with JWT

How to implement JWT on a React app?

Storage can happen in local storage, or a cookie. Typically stored in local storage, or HTTP only cookies.

# Server Side vs Client Side sessions

What is a session?
A: A way to preserve desired state. Is this user authenticated, are they allowed to see certain things?

What is server side session?
A: It is stored in memory on the server, or a DB that tracks info.
THIS IS STATEFUL.

Client Side, this shifts a bit. React has no way to know if user is authenticated. Sometimes React apps pull in data from multiple backends.

JWT is stateless: It is decoupled. There is no user session.
So, we just need to ensure the JWT is not expired.

When does the token get checked?
A: when navigating pages. Check permissions, and toggle the right parts of the page based on token.

In NextJS: Check the token. Can this be included in state?
Check things like:

- expires
- Roles

THe server is set to check all requests. The frontend will render what cadn work based on what is found in the token.

How long should it take to expire? This is one way to keep things secure.

# Middleware.

It sits in the middle. It runs BEFORE the api runs.

Use CORS as a pre-flight check. See if the API even accepts requests from this domain.

If so, then you authenticate.

CORS is middleware.

# JWT is Authentication.

Create the token. The token should include something unique about the user. Maybe include permissions, or access level/role.

What is best place to save JWT?
A: Cookies.

With cookies, all cookies get sent to server.
For server, I like having it in the Auth Headers.

# Protect routes.

Middleware to prevent someone from going to a route.

On server, make sure there is a token.
It is in the header, called 'bearer', and is in front of the token.

If you dont have a token, respond with 401 status: unauthorized.

Check this before any api endpoints are hit.

# Validating a token.

Now that you have checked IF there is a token, get the token and check it.

Get the token after the empty space, because tokens come as something like `bearer qoer98134rh9134r09`.

If there is no token, send a 401.

Then, check the JWT witha  try-catch.
Decode with everything needed, then proceed. For example, it should need a Username, and permissions level.

So, take the token, pass in the secret JWT key to unlock the token, and read it.

Rate limiting; yes, could be done in middleware.
Truth, make sure it doesnt hit your server. This should be done in a proxy, or an API gateway, or something.

# Auth Headers.

How to make a JWT?
Get, post, patch, put.
A HEADER is another place in a request to put things. It has key-values.
Cache control, source, etc. It isnt the data, it is the meta-data of the request.
One thing is the AUTHORIZATION. This is the standard.

If the user has the right headers, decrypt it, and get the items out.


# PROCESS

1. Create a JWT
   1.
2. Send a request from a page to the Next API endpoint.
   1. Include the JWT
3. Use Middleware to check the JWT
   1. Check if it has a token.
4. Check the "expired" part of the JWT
5. If not expired, send to endpoint
6. If expired, return something.
