# Daily standup

Michael Drabic

Chris: Finished 1st draft of morning update. Risks: risks for the client, to the timeline. Like, NTF environment not being available until Jan 4th.

Mason: MC needs to make some changes, so does Payrailz. Certificate from MC was made wrong. It will need to be used for Postman.
We also need one for message payload.

Jim: Yesterday did troubleshooting.
Consumer maintenance is almost done- will do that today.
Have not tried SAVON yet- I want to check if the HASH response from SAVON will work better.
Tomorrow Jim will be out of commission.



Luke:
1. Got environment setup yesterday.
2. Spent time on Savon, and working wiht SOAP UI
3. Blockers: Need to see how to run tests on mock server. Jim, thoughts?

Jim: we can setup responders. We can talk after Jim's 9:30 call.

Bharghav: Working on other parts of Consumer Maintenance. Taking a look at the logic, and simplifying it.

Jim: The gem file needs to be changed. Bharghav will do that.
I'll add the stubbing out- to have the same messages.

Chris: ON thursday, can we show to Huong?

Jim: I think so. We might want to show the payload (hashes) as an input, but we need to put a validator on it.

Mason: Documentation?

## second call with Jim:

Jim: You dont need to mess with SAVON. You just need to MOCK it.
Jim: I want to load certificates in SOAP ui.
SOAP ui is good for a SMOKE TEST.
Request sent by PROJECT APPLICATION
Jim is using `hash_validator`

Create project from WSDL.
Create a new project from wsdl
Create a mock service
Come up witha  response to send back (by hand)



# Call with Mike
Perspective on Payrailz, challenges, client expectations.

Eric said the team has been thrilled with me.

Payrailz wants a say in the codebase?
Usually Level will take in the recommendations from the client's dev team.

Originally Paul said get it done.

Chris said we could do mock hits on an internal server.
Mike wants to  know about delivery: how it is delivered, when, why.
We need something to set their expectations.

## Whatr is happening?
1. BusinessApplicationHeader is created in `app_header`. It has several attributes.
2. This class is called in class `ConsumerMaintenanceService` in file `services/consumer_maintenance.rb`
3. Create a test that runs a header, and validates




# Todos:
- [x] Watch the end of the video where jim says "all you gotta do is..."
- [x] Get app_hdr working. here is the path for the one to work on:  `/Users/lukelogan/Local Sites/bpx-client/lib/bpx_client/services/mappers/app_header.rb`
- [ ] Do Rdoc for this project- for automatic documentaion
- [x] Review Chris' morning update.
- [x] Go over ESL example of weekly update that Chris will send me.
- [x] Give update on Dev portion of that. Tell percentage of completion for items. Also, on second slide, there is a place for risks/issues.
- [ ] Put together an example of a Ruby Hash, and run it as an example call.
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]

