# Ruby testing with Rspec

**describe** refers to an example group

**it** refers to an example

If there is a **describe** within a **describe** the child will have access to objects created by the parent.

## Object Oriented Ruby Fundamentals

**Class method** called on a class instead of an object

*new* is an exapmle of a class method

**Class variables** can be used between different insances of the class

A class variable is initiated by `@@`
There is only 1 copy per class, and it is shared among all objects in that class.

It is not accessible outside of the class, soyou need to write accessor classes for it.

## Standup:

New person: Michael Drabik will take Chris' place when he goes on paternity leave.

Mason: Parsing CAPO API. He built mappings. Updated some info.
No WSDL on new parts that were added.

Jim: Did some refactoring. Was not able to get end-to-end. Merge-to-dev Friday night.
Made some small changes.
Blocker: Just learning Ruby.

## Call with Bharghev:
He has it working!
Using dev.

BHARGHAV: Once we have Consumer maintenance up and running.


1. Naming conventions
2. Refactored rspec file
3. Parsing XML:
    1. Savon uses Nokogiri
    2. XML has some repeated names
    3. Loops? Parsing... so I did Xpath. Any security issues Jim?

Bhargav: link confirmation. I pushed some changes, refactored some things. I need Jim's help for parsing XML.

Chris: No longer balancing two projects.  Trying to get status done for end of the month. Clear enough to not show our struggles.
Get all updates from DEVS.

Typically, just a percentage complete for each piece of it. Thursday by 3pm.

Mason: Can we do a mock server?

Jim: The hardest challenge is to run this from a gem file.

Chris: Eric has offered his time as an option to help.

Jim: Ill ping ERIC right now.

## Second standup call:

Jim: Use hashes for data service call?


## BPX Call

snunnallee@payrailz.com
Bhargav Dasari
Christopher Rigoni II
ddelisle@payrailz.com
glangmeyer@payrailz.com
htern@payrailz.com
lgawlak@payrailz.com
luke.logan@levvel.io
Mason Packard
mbaumann@payrailz.com
pfranko@payrailz.com
James Boone

Dan Durbin is the host

MTF connectivity.
Song: Mason, are you connected to the VPN?

Mason: We are getting timeout errors.
*looking at Masons screen*

Are we using v2?

Postman scripts from BPX testing tool for CFIs?

## Run register consumer first
All details are available.
There is nothing for consumer maintenance- that needs to run from the code.

All others can run from Postman.

# TODOS:
- [ ] Send my update to Chris by Thursday morning.
- [ ] Do rubygem course
- [ ] Look at Bharghav's example on the video recording. Link is in payrailz channel in slack.