For today:



- Service request hash payloads defined for each service complete with optional paramters
- Yard that documents the payload
- Example payload (mayble include in spec)
- Validators for each request payload
- Spec that test the validator
- Rspec that validates the generated XML is valid
- Code clean up of comments
- All scripts in the vendor/levvel directory


rain.007.001.01

PR: they need to host 3 endpoints for incoming.
Hopefully we can cover that on the call today.

Maybe Mike can get us outof the 3pm call today?
Jim: I added YARD for documentation.

Jim: The services need some work on them. Hold off on the services I was wanting to complete today (Bhargav's work)

## Call wi jim.

Validators: Jim got classyhash working.


### Yard
Its a documentaion server
Auto-generates web pages.

### validators

Using classy hash.
Need to refactor each service.
CONFIG- loads the SETTINGS yml file.
The SETTIGNS file can set the ENVIRONMENT as well.

To do RSPEC: instead of GLOBAL, plug in variables



## Jims other talk:

We need to create a server.
We need to support 3 endpoints.
We need a server running.
We need to accept soap payloads, then call a method as a callback.
There are a few ways to do that:
How will we host this server?

Soap for R .
The gem went away.
Now, it is called soap 2 r.

We need 1 server with 3 endpoints.

It can generate the code for us.
`defaultServant.rb` is where the service can be defiend.

If we took each schema, and run it through the xsd2ruby,

Do we need the same form of marshalling on client side and server side?